Plotholes -
• How is the government enforcing the enrolment.
• How does the political system work.
• Have people heard different rumours as to why the training is happening.
• Technology time period
• How common is magic in the world (almost non-existent day to day)
• Proportions of different races in the world, which are included and which are excluded?
• Time period and technology available

As the years passed by, the guild faced a new problem - overpopulation. The idyllic living standards, free healthcare, and education for all had resulted in an exponential growth in the population. To accommodate the growing numbers, the government had to look for new resources.
They started exploring the neighboring planets and found that they were rich in minerals and other resources. The government then devised a plan to harvest these resources, which would provide enough to support their growing population. They sent expeditions to these planets and began extracting the resources, but there was a catch. These planets were already inhabited, and the Perfection had to face the consequences of their actions.
The People's guild have bitten off more than they can chew with their latest expansion. This particular civilisation was not happy with what was happening. The guild was soon staring down the barrel of a very dangerous weapon, the moment they stopped attacking we will be met at home with a gigantic army, potentially an extinction level event. Players start to notice that the things they are fighting are sentient, getting stronger, and attempting to foolow them back through the portal. Perhaps someone does not return through the portal at some point.

Details:
• Competitive element of the tower, eliminations mean points, points mean currency outside of combat?
• Spell slots, ammo, health all reset between portal resets.
• Communication between nations over the month before training - All nations seem to have agreed not to divulge information until members are at the training camp.
This world could be consideded a utopia, there is universal healthcare, people live long and well. Unemployment is almost non-existent and petty crimes are all vut eradicated. People's jobs don't earn them pay, they directly give them access to a selection of houses, cars, holiday packages for their job "bracket". Everyone is paid the same amount outside of these job based benefits.
The economy is extrodinarily healthy and the government fully control it all seemingly well.
Plot twist spoiler: The government is pumping this money currently into technology toberadicate and terraform other nearby planets quietly. This is what the playwrs fight in the portal dimensions. And mandatory traininf ia required as the gov has realised assaulting these nearby planets may bring retaliation.
Training to join the "People's Guard"
Guards on floors which keep you from entering a floor you have not yet unlocked.
People you have met coming back from the training have been fairly underwhelmed and have just told you you will see when you get there.
Johnathan Blaster
In some trail rooms you begin by stepping through stretched paste and falling into water (portal into another dimension) where you can fight monsters 
Con save + portal proficiency dice roll each dimension shift to find out what side-effefts you experience 
Shifting pools to meditate in between levels, if the party wanta to train their portal proficiency 

Futuristic civilisation on a new planet that they fled to, to avoid self-destruction through war.
This new planetary civilisation has achieved peace and held it for 100+ years now.
The civilisation is broken up into hundreds of nations co-existing. These all have a mix of almost all races.

Without much explanation across the nation, 5 days of mandatory training is required for all in adulthood (whatever that is for the race, Humans 18+ etc...).
Nobody is told the purpose or knows if other nations are also required to do so.

Multiple training camps across the nation spring up and the players recieve mail inviting them to attend, for one reason or another all players avoid this invite for the first month before they are threatened. (Up to the players creativity of why they delayed and what they would be threatened with).
The players all turn up at a training camp named "Fairtower". A tiresome 5 floor building, very boring and mundane from the outside, surrounded by temporary accomodation.

As the players progress each day they go up a floor.
Levels of the tower should be conquered 1/day if successful in the training tasks.
Players are given a stimulant to multiply their training rate allowing them to pick up new skills and stay in a heightened state for long periods.

The camp: Fairly full, enough accomodation for maybe 400 people by eye, very newly built with plenty of food, drink and utilities heavily subsidised.

Fairtower - myths and whispers of why it is named this

After the exam they are approached by someone who has noticed their aptitude and lets them know that they have the option to trial for higher ranking positions (but they would have to enter as a squad). It is not at all clear what ranking this would be in as there is no military to be ranked in.

If they accept, floor 6 begins (Floor-1) and the challenges begin to go down deeper underground 1 floor at a time.
